A Melody of Sublime, Everlasting Deathlessness: A Song to Remember the Inconceivable Secrets of Ārya Cintāmaṇicakra Tārā Aho! OṂ Auspicious white silk of countless virtues, You have perfected the excellent marks, each and every contour of enlightened form. Seeing them ravishes the mind-I long for Ārya Tārā, the Wish-Fulfilling Wheel! Bestow the siddhi of unchanging, sublime immortality. TĀRE All vast and profound teachings that liberate from the ocean of saṃsāra Arise from the vīṇā of the Noble Lady's secret speech. Hearing them brings complete liberation-I long for Ārya Tārā, the Wish-Fulfilling Wheel! Bestow the siddhi of the unceasing vajra nāda. TUTTĀRE Wisdom appearance of Mother Prajñāpāramitā, You protect against the torments of dualistic fixation. Through remembering you, the supreme is granted-I long for Ārya Tārā, the Wish-Fulfilling Wheel! Bestow the siddhi of the unmistaken luminous essence. TURE The youthful vigor of your compassion is swift like lightning. Great blissful companion, you mesmerize with ten million qualities of renunciation and realization. You shower down the twofold benefit-I long for Ārya Tārā, the Wish-Fulfilling Wheel! Bestow the siddhi of effortless and limitless enlightened qualities. SVĀHĀ Granting all things virtuous and good, just as they are, Splendor of the supreme magical display of pacifying, increasing, magnetizing, and subjugating, You pervade all of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa-I long for Ārya Tārā, the Wish-Fulfilling Wheel! Bestow the siddhi of unobstructed enlightened activity to grant everything desirable. May the lotus feet of the eminent holders of the teachings remain firm for a hundred eons. May the vast world be pervaded with the illumination of teaching, practice, and activity. And while devout rulers, ministers, and citizens enjoy the ten virtues, May the siddhi of the spontaneous fulfillment of wishes be bestowed. In the sky, rainbow clouds of the five wisdoms billow. In midair, flowers of virtue and goodness fall like raindrops. And on the earth, I offer this auspicious song of joyfulness for all beings As a virtuous aspiration for all the world. Composed by the servant who delights of the Lake-Born Guru, Pema Ösal Do Ngak Lingpa, on the occasion of a sādhana offering ritual of the Noble Wish-Fulfilling Moon. The flute of these words of supplication, remembering her inconceivable secrets, was played by the fingers of whatever arose in my mind. May the light of virtue and goodness pervade all the worlds and become everlasting! 
